h1. Ttv4

This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.io/.

h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are NOT known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are NOT known to work together.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please "report an issue":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues and include these diagnostics:

We'd also like to know if you've found combinations of recipes or preferences that do work together.

Recipes:
["apps4", "controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"webrick", :prod_webserver=>"same", :database=>"mongodb", :orm=>"mongoid", :templates=>"erb", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"cucumber", :continuous_testing=>"none", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"less", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"cancan", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :starter_app=>"admin_app", :rvmrc=>true, :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true, :ban_spiders=>true, :jsruntime=>true, :github=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.12

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses MongoDB with the Mongoid ORM.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Less)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Gmail account.

h2. Getting Started

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. License

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Heroku

	$ heroku logs
	$ heroku logs --tail
	$ heroku apps:destroy still-plains-4287
	$ heroku config
	$ heroku config:set GITHUB_USERNAME=joesmith
	$ heroku config:get GITHUB_USERNAME
	$ heroku config:unset GITHUB_USERNAME
	
h2. Mongo

$ mongo
> use ttv4

Delete a collection
> show collections
> db.corpus_anews.drop()

Upload data and generate the scaffold
$ mongoimport -h ds049157.mongolab.com:49157 -d twittermometro -c corpus_positive -u twitteruser -p demopass --file corpus_positive.csv --type csv --headerline
$ rails generate scaffold CorpusPositive sentence:text

Upload data to mongolab
$ mongoimport -h ds049157.mongolab.com:49157 -d twittermometro -c corpus_anews -u twitteruser -p demopass --file ANEW-Appendix.csv --type csv --headerline

Upload data to development
$ mongoimport -h localhost:27017 -d twittermometro_development -c corpus_anews --file ANEW-Appendix.csv --type csv --headerline

For the 'tab separated values' use: --type tsv
$ mongoimport -h localhost:27017 -d ttv4_development -c corpus_leads --file mycorpustsv.csv --type tsv --headerline

For the last version (from Diego)
$ mongoimport -h ds047458.mongolab.com:47458 -d ttv4 -c corpus_leads -u twitteruser -p demopass --file 4-corpus_leads.csv --type tsv --headerline

Export data
$ mongoexport -h localhost:27017 -d ttv4_development -c filters --out /home/roberto/tmp/filters

h2. Git

	$ git status
	$ git branch (inform about the branch)
	$ git branch feature1 (create the branch)
	$ git checkout feature1 (make this branch the operational one)
	
	Branching model
	http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/
	
	Discard changes and go back to a commit
	$ git reset --hard c56d8a3b164d9315b15af6f99527cbe620a7ad38
	
Twitter bootstrap pagination
https://github.com/markbates/jquery-bootstrap-pagination

Firs implementation of Classifier https://github.com/cardmagic/classifier, add to Gemfile
gem "classifier"
gem "stemmer"
gem "madeleine"
$ bundle install

Implementation of Bayes Motel
gem "bayes_motel"
$ bundle install


Start the collector
$ cd twittermometro/script
$ ./tweet_collector.rb zara01_mongolab

# using Rake
rake RAILS_ENV=production cron

# ejecutar rake en Heroku
cd twittermometro
heroku run bundle exec rake RAILS_ENV=production twitterv3:tweet_collector mass_media

# 'ruby/twittermometro' is called http://murmuring-cliffs-8661.herokuapp.com/ on heroku
# see https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-rails3

# to set up environmental variables on Heroku
$ heroku config:set TWITTER_OAUTH_TOKEN=241596263-34CuJsLeexQOZlWMPkwJXjEEU0Ij9Z4ALUN9gRqG
$ heroku config

Scaffolding para Filter
$ rails g scaffold Filter key:string value:string type:string
$ rails g scaffold Anew val-mn-all:double val-sd-all:double aro-mn-all:double aro-sd-all:double dom-mn-all:double dom-sd-all:double val-mn-fem:double val-sd-fem:double aro-mn-fem:double aro-sd-fem:double dom-mn-fem:double dom-sd-fem:double val-mn-mal:double val-sd-mal:double aro-mn-mal:double aro-sd-mal:double dom-mn-mal:double dom-sd-mal:double 
      invoke  mongoid
      create    app/models/anew.rb
      invoke    rspec
      create      spec/models/anew_spec.rb
      invoke      factory_girl
      create        spec/factories/anews.rb
      invoke  resource_route
       route    resources :anews
      invoke  scaffold_controller
      create    app/controllers/anews_controller.rb
      invoke    erb
      create      app/views/anews
      create      app/views/anews/index.html.erb
      create      app/views/anews/edit.html.erb
      create      app/views/anews/show.html.erb
      create      app/views/anews/new.html.erb
      create      app/views/anews/_form.html.erb
      invoke    rspec
      create      spec/controllers/anews_controller_spec.rb
      create      spec/routing/anews_routing_spec.rb
      invoke      rspec
      create        spec/requests/anews_spec.rb
      invoke    helper
      create      app/helpers/anews_helper.rb
      invoke      rspec
      invoke  assets
      invoke    coffee
      create      app/assets/javascripts/anews.js.coffee
      invoke    scss
      create      app/assets/stylesheets/anews.css.scss
      invoke  scss
   identical    app/assets/stylesheets/scaffolds.css.scss
   
$ rails destroy scaffold Anew

$ rails g scaffold CorpusAnew Val-Mn-All:double Val-Sd-All:double Aro-Mn-All:double Aro-Sd-All:double Dom-Mn-All:double Dom-Sd-All:double Val-Mn-Fem:double Val-Sd-Fem:double Aro-Mn-Fem:double Aro-Sd-Fem:double Dom-Mn-Fem:double Dom-Sd-Fem:double Val-Mn-Mal:double Val-Sd-Mal:double Aro-Mn-Mal:double Aro-Sd-Mal:double Dom-Mn-Mal:double Dom-Sd-Mal:double 
$ rails g scaffold CorpusAnew valmnall:double valsdall:double aromnall:double arosdall:double dommnall:double domsdall:double valmnfem:double valsdfem:double aromnfem:double arosdfem:double dommnfem:double domsdfem:double valmnmal:double valsdmal:double aromnmal:double arosdmal:double dommnmal:double domsdmal:double
$ rails g scaffold CorpusAnew valmnall:decimal valsdall:decimal aromnall:decimal arosdall:decimal dommnall:decimal domsdall:decimal valmnfem:decimal valsdfem:decimal aromnfem:decimal arosdfem:decimal dommnfem:decimal domsdfem:decimal valmnmal:decimal valsdmal:decimal aromnmal:decimal arosdmal:decimal dommnmal:decimal domsdmal:decimal
$ rails g scaffold CorpusAnew sword:string valmnall:decimal
$ rails g scaffold CorpusLead tweet:string leadorno:string

Console with IRB
$ rails console

How to execute scripts on the Rails environment
# rails r app/workers/runner_twitter_search.rb

The API
http://0.0.0.0:3000/api/v1/leads?id=532a2067a5e05ab62700000e



